hi everyone this is Stacy with me here I
have shack tactical today and want to
make a perfect game shoes that people
been telling me that if I want to make a
perfect cookie I had to talk to you um
yeah okay so I mean I'm pretty expert
I've been doing since I was basically
like 2 years old with my grandma so I
learned from the best
some people easily say I have the best
kimchi in New York City okay so here I
have a cabbage how do we make him what
are the ingredients okay uh one head of
napa cabbage and you know you want to
trim the you know outside just like the
head here just to clean it up a bit um
you just do this I just have yeah all
you have to do that and then okay so
like that and okay and then I'm for this
one I'm probably going to order it just
because these cabbages are very big but
what just like that and from here my
grandma always used to trim the outside
of just a little bit just to clean it up
about a cup of water and rock salt here
and you know a tablespoon you don't get
regular kosher socks um I would not I
would get the rock salt
only because kosher salt has different
salt content than the rocks okay it's a
lot saltier okay so um if you could I
would try to get the rock salt page like
this wet it a little bit and then you
have to make sure so in fact you every
you know because that way it is
I know that
and then after four hours you'll flip it
okay since all eight hours in total
yes I would say eight to ten and you
really need to taste it make sure it's
like if the salt is embedded into the
cabbage it on after ten hours I think I
oughta moisture went out um so we're
going to make the kimchi paste as you
call it and um I am using a lot of
ingredients but this is very very subtle
you add this to your coochie
nothing can wrap it up its stride fish
right this one is dried cod and then
find it in any previous people mark yeah
any Asian any supermarket from here I'm
gonna add a little bit of warm water
just to moisten it up just a little bit
it helps it oh I don't shoot now the
right is she makes icon me here and this
is kind of texture with the yes texture
taste and everything
yeah but scallion stare no that's
probably like one bunch and then apple
puree a pepper gray a beret all right
you know what you can probably just put
it all in a food processor and pull the
only ones okay oh this is one echo or
get one up one Apple I gotta use one
Apple in this um I would say half an
ounce a quarter cup here
engine yeah and ginger I'll probably
only use a tablespoon okay then you
don't want it to be too pungent Jackman
Scarlett also use probably alerted more
than gin ginger like 2 tbsp this is
onion puree ok and I'm going to use a
quarter cup of this first one is our
salted shrimp which is acts like a fish
sauce ok a cup of that intro into your
fish sauce ok stable amount you can just
it think equal amounts Angele fish sauce
this is Lance fish sauce okay this is um
some plum extract you know or you can
use like mirin or something a little bit
of sugar that's important this is rice
root that I made in advance okay yeah so
this is like the heart this makes like
tasty
equal therefore we like really fine this
is this is actually very so much just
rice flour that you boil with us
you know oil in a pan and little water
and some like a plate
yes so you just didn't borrow like ten
minutes and then he comes
yeah
so this I'm going to add I'll spell
assuming and I even convinced you a lot
but this is my first time making one
yeah yeah I mean I know it's complicated
it is kind of it is quite it seems
complicated Susie but now it's actually
if you get used to it and yeah that's
sugar
hi fish I just got back in there oh my
god
and then Thomas yeah please yeah please
cut on a pair of gloves I would love
your help a friend you know like I love
you with a lot of this red chili plain
Lutheran red chili flakes because I like
my kimchi spicy bugging you know if your
tolerance is Lana's no way that's mine
hopefully my seat up yeah yes color yes
it's quite risky but you know if you add
a good amount of it person it I'll add
this Apache mix every get everything
really well and then
that much and
you smell it right I'm like oh no it is
actually kinda spicy but you can really
smell ya he's ours now don't like um
she's like peppery yeah so I just added
this isn't very very red very red
you kind of want to okay dude it's
because that way it becomes a piece and
then come here with the pepper smoke
something uh fish sauce and liquid from
the daikon and all the ingredients it
becomes PC so you know you want to give
it a circular motion yes circular motion
kind of like Robbie Robbie running it
and you have this already
now it's ready you know you're ready to
put this inside okay okay so I'm gonna
have you do one okay and I'm gonna tell
you one so the case you want together so
typically when you do this and you just
start around wrapping it start rubbing
it and then under each one you want to
add sound a little bit of a taste okay
with the daikon you know and then you
know you just have two little rare it it
fun yeah I mean but imagine just yes you
would
really quantify stash and extradition
over just that it's not PR it's just
okay for any any type of identical I
know you guys match it is falling season
Oh mm-hmm
hey you're doing a really good job
are you sure you never did this before
hahaha
we all come from seen my ancestors okay
but you would how my grandma did it
would she would take that out early
your coffees
you're such a huge right what do you
think
it's really crunchy really nice really
nice and when it happened it's still a
spicy sour with a head of sweetness
somehow uh-huh on the Apple and you know
and then we did put the plum extract
it's really good yeah II you know fill
it all up we have two more to go school
your whole work on that but you forget
it I would say for two to three days at
room temperature and then you put it in
the fridge for five days okay and then
that makes the perfect romantic cookie
but you know some people like it's very
sour and they leave it longer
oh that's gonna get out sourness comes
from yes exactly
you're berating acid so it's almost like
a game with it
okay just to let you know that I will
also put this recipe Esteves if you down
in a box below and then if you like the
video like our recipe please subscribe
to the channel like comment and share
this video
my fingers are all red you can also find
me on Facebook Twitter Instagram about
that actor she can't walk by and Chelsea
Market yeah okay if you don't want to
make this at home okay we could also do
that exactly she's like beating me I
know this is what my grandma
you're gonna get